Well, thanks so much for making time here to speak with me. Really appreciate that, Yor. just kind of want to go over some basic information with you, talk a little bit about here, about this episode.ortunity. Have to learned more about your background, have a few questions and ultimately what I want to do is submit you over to the hire manager for a review and hopefully get you an interview where you can learn a lot more in depth about this opportunity. Sounds good. That sounds awesome. Awesome. All right. So you're. I was looking at your resume, but then you're doing some part-time work now. Is that correct? Yes. Okay. Got it. Okay. So is that is that like a.. So I am involved with a AI startup at the moment. It's not a full-time job. I don't get paid for that. But I do it for several reasons. One of them is that it's actually started by my cousin. Another is I do believe AI is the future, so the more you learn about it, the earlier you learn about it, the better of you'll be. Yes,cha. Got it. Okay. Sounds good. Cool. Thanks for clarifying that. you' local to Chicago, right? That's correct. Okay. What suburb or where area Lincoln Park. Lincol in the city. Okay, cool. Nice. How's everything been there? Good? Yeah.. Can't complain. What part of town are you in? I'm actually in Sky. Oh, okay. Yeah, Skocky is nice. It's very close. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I grew up north side, you know, Chicago, Albany Park area. But then we moved to Lincolnwood, my family. So I've been very, most of my year, in my life, I've been in Linkywood. So Skokie's actually right next door. I'm close to Lincolwood side. Yeah. Sooky's actually pretty big because it goes all the way to Old Northern Mall or whatever, so I'm not all the way up there. Yeah.. Sometimes some of those borders are kind of strange. They wind around. So it's like you're in the city, then you're not in the city, then you're in the city again and just by driving in the same road. Exactly, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Cool. This role requires to be two days on site. Are you okay? with that? Yes. Okay, perfect. Thank you. We are, by the way, located. I don't know if you know, but we're located in the Boeing Building. Yes, I know that. Oh, you know, okay, cool, perfect. Awesome. All right. Okay, cool. So, yeah, let's. actually, are you a citizen? Yes.el? Okay, citizen for a. Thank you for that. All right. So have you heard of your technology before? Yes, it was it was called NATTA, and then it was called Nokia, and then it was called.. Did it immediately go from Nfttak to Nokia to here were there anything in between? No, I think if I understood correctly, gave us that name, so we just kept it, I think, one day. because we were they bought us or whatever, right? Nokia, but then I don't know, they let us go, so we're a private company. Yeah. I just can't remember was there another name, but we had went over the years? Yeah, no, that'. before that, I forgot, actually, but NT here, I'm sorry, Nokia, then here. Cool. So you know what we do? We build maps, right? Both of our clients are in the OEM space, right? And the old Mercedes BMW Audi. Yes. This is a book of our business utilize our data, or maps, for the maps and location. Addition to that, we also been targeting multiindustry clients, which is actively growing, which is great. One of them is Amazon. Okay, Amazon uses us for last mile delivery. When you order, usually order in the app, right? So time I don't know.member, you order, once you make an order, you see the orders in process in that stage, you can see the map, and if it's been shipped or not, that's basically our technology there and that we've created for them, for route guidance,, for efficient delivery, and stuff like that, for your packages. In addition to that, Uber technologies announced our partnership last year for a ri sharearing platform, which was a big deal. So they're using us for the right platform. By now, I think everything is integrated and it's up and running that the use drivers are using our data and our location services for their pickup and drop-offs. We have the most data that any mapping company in the world, so we are very precise within these pickup and drop off as Y Uber shows us. So that's a little bit about us. Let me just follow up this rule here. I share the job description with you, right and LinkedIn, correct? You, I think you did. because I can't remember. Let me double check. Yeah. But I can you describe me in your own words the details? Because those job description are always. Oh, yeah, there you go. Kind of misleading. Yeah. I think I sure let me see. Yeah, I did. I did sure. So yeah, this is for the platform experience team. So they are enabling layers for the here platform through container organization, cloud abstraction, big data management, processing, streaming services, okay? This is more power the here map applications within the premium big item loaded brands that we're working with, okay? So large scale logistic platforms as well. outside of the OEMs. They're looking for very technical people here, right for the for this role. Somebody who's somebody who can take basically a bank vision, let's say, and make a technical plan out of it. That's what they're looking for, somebody else who can influence the VPs as well. and technical investments and any gaps that there is. In the addition to that, we want somebody who's built large scale distributed systems. okay? Software design, architectural data, centric engineering, Cubernetti's Der, Cloud, AWS. data frameworks, you know, like a spark or flink, no se system, we don't utiliz utilizing KEFA That's a little bit about the technology section. But that's a little bit about this opportunity. That sounds within my skill set. I mean, is that full-time or is that contract? Yeah, yeah, both times.. And what's the rate?pensation. Or was the compens? Yeah, it's not a rate. I was going to get there, I want to learn more about your background. Okay, that's fine. That's my last question. So I'iava the Waller, by trade, I've been in for 20 years. I work around in many companies. There was a point until basically the last year where it just specifically was involved, like was specializing in finance industry. Starting from that point in town, I kind of explore all different options. I'm basically looking for a place where my experience could be utilized. So I have many years of experience in JavaBand distributed systems, microservices. I have AWS architectureertification, and right now, I'm very interested in LO Lams and they are impact on the industry. I think the impact is tremendous, but there is also a lot of hype that that is going around that could very often be inaccurate. But I am basically, I am a big advocate of converting to new ways of doing things sooner rather than later, and it will be a long and winding road. It's not going to happen on the night. Yeah, us as well as a company, we're investing in AI and stuff like that as well, especially for our maps. Okay. Yeah. It's interesting. I never thought... about specifically the map impact on maps. What kind of AI are you guys using? What services, what providers? I don't. know. I mean, I'm not doing it, right? So that's something you want to ask the manager these technical questions, not myself. Sorry, cool. So back to that question actually I brought up, Igor. How would you do that? How would you take a vague vision and provide a technical plan? kind of putting it in the spot, but again, what would you do? So I would write a document. So basically, I think what happens is nowadays is there are relatively few unsolved problems and most of them actually solved. So a lot of this solution engineering is really about taking you, taking the knowledge something like what I have, and converting and finding the best way of doing things. So I personally have a lot of experience and distributed systems, which is what a large scale providers are doing nowadays. That means that you basically split up your idea. First of all, in your idea, you kind of come up with what exactly is the technical solutions. Like if you have an UI and you literally can draw it on, you know the panel and paper, if you have a UI and then if you have services behind it, you can come up with the idea of an MVP. I'm talking about startup terms right now, but you can always write an application that will be like a proof of concept for your solution. And once you do it, then the next solution is how to make it run make it run at scale. and how to make it run in enterprise settings, and how to make it run for the instr structure that you have. Let me ask you a question. Are you a kind of company that's a cloud native or you have a cloud at all? You probably do? Or do you kind of We use AW. So you use AWS in full to run. You don't have any local on premises infrastructure in terms of like of servers and question. We might, I don't know. Okay. Let's assume you don't. Let's assume it's minimal. Okay. So the idea then is like, in my opinion, and in fact, given my LLamb background, it's actually only reinforces that opinion. The most valuable things for any company is data. So if you want to provide the solution for any problems, your main challenge is. So what exactly happens to data? How does the data move through the system? Where does it come in? Where does it get stored? How does it get processed? And where does it go at the end? I mean, when it gets stored, it's very often where it gets at the end. But at the same time, where does it go towards in the sense of users and clients and companies? So what I would do is sort of personally, I would try to start with analyzing this question. And that would even go before you write a p, like pox or something that's more like getting together a UI and and uh throwing together UI and and sort of, you know, making sure that what people, how people find that UI and roughly, what would they do if they had an application like you? "O, I'm sorry, I have to." I have to turn off my phone. How exactly would you deal with, you know, a UI? But for a large company, they thisUI is on a small facet. It's actually very often is the least important, it is important, but it's list valuable, it's very easy to reproduce. What you do, V values data, and I would start with basically drawing diagrams, how data just to do what I just described, how data is flowing through the system and how data is actually is being used and what happens to that, so that would include things like your cues and your topics and different components, no different boxes that process that data and roughly what exactly that processing means. And once you get that done, then you can roughly speaking, decide how exactly we implemented. Now, AWS, like I said I have a background in Microservices and AWS lays very much in the realm of Microservices where you take your processes and break them down into very small chunks. And each chunk is a separate process. It's very easy to run this way in AWS or on a call provider and it kind of makes it individual and talatable and you can divide it among things. However, that creates a different issue and is, let's say you have a one large program that does all of that, right? A monolith, this The manoliths have several advantages, actually, and one of them, they're inherently a lot more analyzable, meaning, you can look at the manist kind of figure out, but just look into the code, what it does, with AWS, with a Micros services, the next challenge is documentation. You need, like people decision makers need to understand, you need to see those data flows and also those components and understand what each one of them does so that they understand how a system consists of what. And that is also also valuable for the people who actually build those system and maintain those systems because they know how to build them. They know what to expect to them, but I also know how to maintain them because usually when they have an issue that is an issue of multiple components and multiple teams and multiple people, and you need to understand what's going on by understanding this understanding this context. And that's where I would say documentation is valuable. So as I said, I would write documentaryation of dry diagram, I would write descriptions. And I would also, like, so you said the end target of my initial analysis would be the decision makers, right? Yeah. So, okay, so maybe I shouldn't. My next question, how would you influence? So I would influence..ments and stuff like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I would influence it the following way. What exactly are VPs concerned about, what exactly they are trying to optimize for? In my opinion, any software shop optimizes by how few people needed to run to develop the system, how few people need to run the system, how cheap it is to run on the AWS and how performant it is, what are you know what is the skillability requirement. And we basically already mentioned the people. So basically, I would try to approach this problem in terms of costs, like the more, let's say, how expensive to develop the system, how many people you need to write the system. How expensive it is to deploy the system. So how many people do you need to actually write the script, the CICD pipelines or what kind of tools do you use? And then how expensive it is to run on AW? What kind of services do you use to actually run run it? And that's both now then becomes a tradeoff between how expensive it is to develop versus how expensive it is to run. So AWS provides a number of components that are more rel less make it easier to develop and deploy basically proof of concepts, right? But then if you try to scale it, it gives to be expensive really quickly. On the other hand, you can use more generic approaches where you take a responsibility for some of the stuff internally, which makes it harder to write and harder to deploy. But then it's a lot cheaper to run. So if you run, let's say, everything in Der and Cubernatis, for instance, it's a lot more generic, but it's a lot could be in some cases cheaper than as opposed to, let's say, you run everything in lambas. other circumstances could be a lot more expensive to run stuff, or a lot cheaper to run stuff. L. So there is a careful consideration among that things. But usually companies here, the cost of development is a lot more expensive. a lot more concerning, especially the early stages of the project. So I would try to probably sell and optimize on the cost of development and cost, it's not just money monetary cost, but how many people can do how quickly? And if you scale it down, if you have more people, what is how more time would it take to write it? As you know, adding more people to a project doesn't necessarily make it more efficient in terms of development. They are slower simply because there are more lines of communication. Perfect. All right, let's set up. I know we're running out of time here. I want to make sure we cover everything. Just real quick. I'm very interested to know if you can give me a rundown at what you did, what you work on, what you did, what kind of technologies, responsibilities you did at CT digital. So I was a developer there. So my job job there specifically was to develop to write software rather than necessarily provide solution. I did spend quite a bit of time. But I would say in Kigital was a lot more of AWS engineer than I was at a Java engineer. So over there, it was a lot more of straight software development. If you want to know more about my experience going in line of what you just said, then you should pull back a little more into places like aml Tech, like which was a startup and Cove Market, which was a startup and also OCC, which it still is a larger company. me about. So MLT is a company where it worked, which is what it does, is trying to basically provide infrastructure for a small scaleale traders to run automated trading strategies for cryptocurrences. So they are the word at the I'm trying to connect to multiple exchanges. And then if you happen to be a trader who runs algorithmically, you trade doing strategy is a code, you can deploy it to the system and run it. So big part of my job was to sort of come with a solution, how to make it, how to implement it, how to make it run, how to make it efficient for traders for the company to deploy those trades and to make it safe. Okay. All right, perfect. All right, let's talk about compensation here. You ask me if much is this thing. So there is a range that we have. Okay. It's a big range, so it's just depends on skill sets and stuff like that. But the end of the day, I do want to know what you're looking for as well. Again, but this is not by any means concrete, right? If things go well, we circle back at the end of all interviews and discuss everything right? But the range, this is basically we have a 170 to 242. Oh, okay. Okay, so there's a 20% bonus on top of that as well.. Okay? And then get paid out annually, Typically March, April, May timeframe. Yeah. We are private companies, I mentioned earlier, so there's no stock options, stuff like that. So basically, I mean, we have a very, very good competitive benefits program as well, which that he pays up to 70, 80% of the medical stuff, 41k match unlimited PTO, stuff like that. Okay. What are you targeting? So I'm targeting between one now 190 and 200. Okay, I'll just put 200 for now. So, yeah, 200 is my sort of desired range, like 2, 205 or so, it would be a desired top of the range of what I'm looking for. I'm negotiable in sense that it's a very crazy market and also is opportunity is right, but opportunity is about what I can learn in that. You'll definitely learn a lot here. And it's sort of like I see you're looking for a senior principal engineer kind of the title implies you already know everything. And I don't feel I know everything. So that's okay. So if you interview if you interview and let's say, okay, you know, Ior has the right skills, maybe he can grow into a senior principal, let's say, I'm thinking, okay? Okay. He's I've done this before. We will offer you maybe a principal engineer level role. And then you just, you come in as a principal, which is a jambri down, but you come into this role, you learn, you grow, and then you get promoted within two years of the same. I don't know.d. Within a reasonable time, frame. How about that? With, yeah. Right? Because you're not going to know it all. Yeah.re not coming in that. So that answers your question. approach if you do well, let's say you interview you, but you, but you're not a senior principal because X, Y, and Z. Yeah. That's okay. Man say, let's bring him in as a principal engineer. Let him learn, let him grow. And then we bump him to a senior principal, okay? That's what they will approach it and we've done this before. Let me trust one thing. And I think I want to stress is my AI LLM background. I think any company at this moment should heavily, more than anything, should generate their LLM stress.g. I will stop you right there, I. I will tell you if you interview, to really highlight this in first round, okay? Right. Sell yourself with that. Okay.. You want to know that kind of want. Yes. Okay. So I will tell you, sell yourself on that, and then and then you know, go with the flow with that interview. So interview process before I let you go, first round with hiring manager, all through WebE, so thank you for downloading in a short term. I'll interrupt you for a second. You know, finally enough, I haven't seen anybody use Vbs for at least a few years. So our past studio, came from's WebE. Was it Oracle or I don't who? I forget Cisco, right? Oh, Cisco, there you go. Cisco. He came from Cisco, so he made the company get WebEx. He left now when you see was I said last year. So, yeah, it hasn't changed yet. Will it change? I don't know. It doesn't.'t matter. Like Sab, Cisco, Zoom, phone call, Teams and stuff like that. It's just my calendar has WebE. It's just easy. It's how it's integrated. Yeah. The only thing I don't like has teams because it's usually slow. Flow is my computer a lot.. We don't use teams in our team, but we use WebEx. Mostlyly everybody uses WebEX. So interview process, I dim mentioned, it's one hour manager, give or take, you know, whatever, how long it needs. After that, if that goes while you, you go into a final round, okay, you're going to meet probably three team members for sure, too, but probably three.. Two of them are in India, so usually we can do it together, but I push for separate because we don't Yeah, that's fine. Okay. And then there there'll be one or two here, one here in the Chicago. Okay. And then, if I'm bringing this subno and some past food, if we move forward for a senior principal level, you probably have to talk to the VP of engineering. Okay. It's not an interview. It's more of like a conversation, if that makes sense. Okay. Yeah. But that's the final, right? So first round manager, that you beat the team, and then the team does a debrief. We give you a decision within one or two business days after. All right, that works. Yeah, pretty straightforward, okay? Thank you. Thanks, Ingor. Thank you so much for your time. I'm going to submit you. Please, I mean, again, today's Thursday, I found on hearb tomorrow for sure Monday, Tuesday, I'll have an answer for you. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you, Alex. Talk to you later. Thank you so much, I. Have a good day. Bye.